Add Operator installation to OSD v4 (#16172)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dedicated-logging-in-and-verifying-permissions.adoc

To verify if your account has administrator privileges, run the following
command against a user-created project to view its default role bindings. If you
are a cluster administrator, you will see your account listed under subjects for

> the `dedicated-admin-project` role binding for the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `dedicated-admins-project-0` and `dedicated-admins-project-1` role bindings for the project:
```
